I'm James Smith.
I'm here at St.
John's Hoxton in London for
Over The Air 2016.
And I've just finished doing a
talk this morning about
open source democracy
in the network age.
So about how we can use ideas
from open source,
online collaboration,
and so on to build a better
democracy for
our future in the age
of the Internet and of
universal connectivity.
At the moment we're operating
with the institutions and
parties of the industrial
revolution.
The network revolution,
which is really just beginning,
will change all of that.
It changes our society and it
will have to change the
institutions as well.
So we're trying
to build new experiments
for that age.
I run an open source
startup political party called
Something New here in the UK.
We have an open source
manifesto and we stood
in the 2015 General Election
on that manifesto.
We are looking for more
people to get involved.
If you're dissatisfied with the
current state of politics;
if you feel that the world is
not going in the direction that
you believe it should be;
if you believe in an optimistic
future where humanity
can be amazing then
we want to build that and we
need your help. If you are a
developer or a
UX designer or a community
manager or media or
anything at all or you just
have ideas.
It's all about building
something together.
And we can do
with your help; let's build the
future. Come and visit us at
somethingnew.org.uk.